All right we're getting so close I can almost see the end.
So let's finally get the save button to work so that we can update our user information.
I'm going to go back to my front end and I'm actually going to move this here so I don't have to keep
seeing the back end code and within here I want to create a new method.
I'm once again going to just make this a little bit smaller so it's cleaner and I'm going to create
a new method called on profile change or let's call it arm profile update.
And this is going to receive some sort of data and this data.
Well we're going to do exactly what the back end expects us to do that is to fetch our HTP localhost
port three thousand where we have our doctor container and we're going to do a profile and we want to
give it some sort of an idea well we can just do Templi strengths instead of strengths here and change
changes to dollar sign Kerley back brackets and end here do our users Id remember we get our eyes props
the user object that includes the ID so we can just simply say stop prop's user Daut Heidi.
So whatever idea of the user is that's the one that we want to post to.
And the way we post to fetch is we have to actually tell it because otherwise the default is get.
So the second parameter is going to be an object that has method of post.
We're going to give it the headers
content type
and we're going to give it Jaison So we're going to say application Jaison because we're sending on
Jason data and the body as we'll see and like we discussed the Jason string ify.
So we're turning everything into a string and what are we turning into a string.
Well we're going to return for and put with the data that the function receives.
So the body's going to send four men but as the object that contains all the data that the back end
expects which is name age.
And Pat let's do a dot then here that's going to receive a response
after this post call and we'll say that what should we do.
Well first thing we want to do is definitely toggle the modal.
We want to turn it off.
Now remember we received that as part of the props and we also want to run the load user function that
we have in the app.
Now what does the load user do again.
If you go back to Apogee Apogees we see that the load a user function which gets run right off to resign
simply sets the state of the user object that gets returned and we simply need to pass it some data
that includes these things.
So in our case we can just do a nice shorthand way with spread operator I can say this dot props dot
user whatever we've had before so we get to keep the idea of the user.
Remember the props include the user id and then we're also going to on top of that any updates that
may include within the data that is within the form.
So it's going to overwrite whatever is in the user object.
Maybe the age got changed.
In that case it's going to overwrite whatever's in this prop's user and we create this object.
Right.
And then finally a super nice catch.
And for now we'll just do a console log moment of truth would save everything.
See if this actually works.
Well first things first make sure that we pass load user and we have access to Loew's user and the prova
for go back to APT.
Yes.
Profile.
Doesn't have load user.
So let's pass that.
If we go back or and here we can just say load user is going to be this dot load user let's save go
back sign in once again for the millionth time.
Go to the profile.
And I just realized we forgot to do something didn't we plan.
We clicked the sign in button while we need to actually call the on profile update don't we.
That's the most important part.
So let's do that.
I'm going to scroll all the way down.
Open up whatever we're rendering.
Scroll all the way down to the save button.
And here in the Save button let's do a on click function.
And this on click is going to have this dot on profile update.
And we're going to pass it.
Name age and pet.
And if we go up we see that the user is props and this can get confusing.
We don't want the props we want whatever the state is.
So this state which is name Asian pet.
So let's pass that on.
I'm going to say this state.
All right.
I don't really like the way this looks.
This should be something cleaner and more descriptive.
So let's come up here and say Konst name age.
Pat is going to be called Stop props or this start state because we're only interested in the state
that the form has been filled with and and here instead of this state we can just use destructuring
and say name age prop's because it's expecting a data object.
And again we're not calling the function here.
We want to assign the function to the on click event.
So once again just assigning the function like this.
Let's save and we have some issues and no not props.
We want Pat here.
Let's save go back seinen.
Once again moment of truth here.
Hopefully everything works.
I changed my name to hey with some exclamation marks and I'm going to just click we get can't answer
whatever we want here but we're not doing anything on the database.
Monday click save o.
Lee Moli our moto closed and our user was loaded with the new name.
Congratulations.
We just were able to update our profile.
And now every time let's say I sign out and I sign back in again.
My name's in the database.
It's now hey with very exclamation or very excited exclamation marks.
Very very nice.
All right.
We've done all of this for the sole purpose of demonstrating sessions but with our profile without some
sort of a necessary user information it's hard to demonstrate why we need sessions.
But now finally I know it's long overdue.
We're going to learn about sessions and implemented in here I'll see in the next one.
Babai.